[core][docs] Lint some top level core docs (#49703)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/cross-language.rst

                -Dray.job.code-search-path=/path/to/code/ \
                <classname> <args>

> You may want to include multiple directories to load both Python and Java code for workers, if they're placed in different directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to include multiple directories to load both Python and Java code for workers, if you place them in different directories.
```

  * Be aware of float / double precision between Python and Java. If Java is using a
    float type to receive the input argument, the double precision Python data
    reduces to float precision in Java.

>   * BigInteger can support a max value of 2^64-1, refer to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * BigInteger can support a max value of 2^64-1. See
```
